Start a logos module from cli (#327)
status-im/ift-docs: docs/core/build-modules/start-a-logos-module-from-the-cli.md

1. Build the Logos package manager CLI:

   ```bash
   nix build 'github:logos-co/logos-package-manager/tutorial-v3#cli' --out-link ./pm
   ```

   The executable is at `./pm/bin/lgpm`.

## Install the module

`logoscore` expects each module in its own subdirectory containing a `manifest.json`. The `lgpm` package manager handles this layout automatically when given an LGX package.

1. Clone the `logos-accounts-module` repository and build the LGX package:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/logos-co/logos-accounts-module.git
   cd logos-accounts-module

   nix build '.#lgx'

   cd ..
   ```

1. Create the `modules` directory and copy the pre-loaded logos modules to it:

   ```bash
   mkdir -p modules
   cp -RL ./logos/modules/. ./modules/
   ```

1. Install the LGX package into the `modules` directory:

   ```bash
   ./pm/bin/lgpm --modules-dir ./modules install --file ./logos-accounts-module/result/*.lgx
   ```

   After installation, the directory structure looks like this:

   ```
   modules/accounts_module/
   ├── accounts_module_plugin.dylib   # (or .so on Linux)

>    ├── libgowalletsdk.dylib           # (or .so on Linux)
>    ├── manifest.json                  # Auto-generated by lgx
>    └── variant                        # Platform variant identifier

Reviewer: Stale now that the Go wallet SDK is statically linked — after `lgpm install` I only get `accounts_module_plugin.dylib`, `manifest.json`, and `variant`, no separate `libgowalletsdk.dylib`.

```suggestion
   ├── accounts_module_plugin.dylib   # (or .so on Linux)
   ├── manifest.json                  # Auto-generated by lgx
   └── variant                        # Platform variant identifier
```

   ```

## Call module methods

With the module installed, start the [`logoscore`](https://github.com/logos-co/logos-logoscore-cli) daemon, load the module, and call its methods.

1. Start the daemon in the background, pointing it at the modules directory, and wait to initialize:

   ```bash
   ./logos/bin/logoscore -D -m ./modules &
   sleep 3
   ```

1. Check the status of `logoscore`:

   ```bash
   ./logos/bin/logoscore status
   ```

1. Load the module and confirm that it was loaded:

   ```bash
   ./logos/bin/logoscore load-module accounts_module

   ./logos/bin/logoscore list-modules
   ```

1. Generate a random BIP-39 mnemonic phrase with 12 words:

   ```bash
   ./logos/bin/logoscore call accounts_module createRandomMnemonic 12
   ```

1. Map a mnemonic word count to its entropy strength in bits — for example, 12 words is 128 bits.

   ```bash
   ./logos/bin/logoscore call accounts_module lengthToEntropyStrength 12
   ```

1. Inspect all available methods in `accounts_module` with `module_info`:

   ```bash
   ./logos/bin/logoscore module-info accounts_module
   ```

1. Stop the daemon:

   ```bash
   ./logos/bin/logoscore stop
   sleep 2
   ```

>    For inline (legacy) mode and other `logoscore` options, see the [Developer Guide — Running with logoscore](logos-developer-guide.md#51-running-with-logoscore).

Reviewer: This links to `logos-developer-guide.md`, which doesn't exist anywhere in the repo — it'll render as a dead link in GitBook. Either add that page or drop the link for now.
